new era games games for playstation 3
playstation 4 and xbox one on media
digital and iv if the beauty planel fifth
Mexican with another video for you
and in this video teach the new 100%
for you to walk with cars inside
your garage so do not forget to
share leave a favorite book
which helps the dissemination of this
video and to do the following you will
need the help of a friend and now it 's
the following you will ask for this
friend stay watching tv
That's right watching tv while he
is watching tv you're just going
connect the cable to charge your
control
you can make and shout using them
around the hell sumbe tape or a dani
bug
what will you do now you will
position next to the passenger door
and will press the triangle to enter
once you are simply entering
You will chase tarot cable and connect
again
if you are doing an xbox you will
to find out that there is a battery or battery
reconnect
done this you will appear next to the
garage door that will make you go
get on the internet and buy a
carinha rebel bought the defendant meat places
he she in the same garage of the grid beauty
with you can see the door of the environment
was left open, this means that the
glitch is working
now you go up to a blue circle goes
to choose
there I used around the grid and will ask
for your friend to leave the tv go to
next to where you put the face
beauty in this vacancy is empty now it's just
you replace the ones around and put
he on top of karim and will have duplicated
guys
so beauty we doubled there I used lathe
these people have to sell because
There's no way you leave the garage with
You can see you will get the car and
You'll just be staying there.
in the garage you can walk there with everyone
the cars beauty and if you liked leave
Liked the favorite shares in the
facebook will give barcelona's pipe if
you have not registered, sign up for
channel as it teaches makes videos all
days I'm staying here and until the
Next video I went